We just added in some request handlers for these two routes right here.
Like I mentioned we're going to first focus on giving our users the ability to create new products.
We're going to have to somehow create a form.
We're going to allow users to submit that form validate the inputs and then we use those inputs to create
a new product.
So very similar stuff to all the authentication stuff that we're just doing.
Like I just mentioned the second half of this course going to go way faster so one the owner reminds
you about around creating new users is that we stored all the different users that we created inside
of a repository of sorts.
So we had to call that repositories users dot J.S. Right there.
It's now that we are talking about storing products and allowing users to create edit them and so on.
I think that we might need to create a second repository one specifically dedicated to handling products
that have been created so let's take a look at a diagram and get a better idea of the different methods
that a product's repository is probably going to require.
OK so here are the different methods that I think a product's repository is going to need.
So we're going to have a method called get all that's going to return all of our products get one where
we're going to provide an I.D. and get back a product with the specified I.D. and hey wait a minute
there's this diagram look familiar to you at all.
Well let's take a look at another diagram that we looked at a little bit ago.
Here's the diagram for users repository with one small update to it at the bottom take a look at both
these really closely and you're gonna notice very quickly that these two repositories for users and
products are just about identical so this was very much done on purpose.
It turns out that all these methods around working with different records that are stored inside an
array are going to be just about identical no matter what type of data we are working with.
The only methods that are going to change significantly might be you like say the create method and
that's specifically the create method inside of users repository.
Because remember inside of creates we had to add in some password hashing algorithm stuff just about
everything else inside the user's repository and the product's repository are going to end up being
absolutely identical because our users repository right now is implemented with a class.
I got a quick question for you.
What is one of the best ways that we can have a code reuse using classes you might recall earlier in
the course we spoke about object oriented programming and extending classes so rather than creating
a product's repository where we just read implement all these different methods right here we're going
to instead take an object oriented approach we're going to create a parent class called simply repository
and that class is going to have all of the different methods that are common or going to be identical
between products repository and users.
We're then going to have users and products extend that parent class so they're going to borrow all
these different methods from the parent class and we won't have to re implement or redefine them every
single time that we want to create a new repository.
Instead we're going to just bar them from that parent and then we can customize them as required in
the case of say the create method for the users the repository where like I said we had to do that password
hashing algorithm stuff OK.
So now that we understand how we're going to get some amount of code reuse for all these different repositories
and we end up creating quick pause and we'll start to implement this stuff in just a moment.